feat(median): Add `median` and `medianBy` functions (#723)
toss/es-toolkit: docs/reference/math/median.md

# median

Calculates the median of an array of numbers.

> If the array is empty, this function returns `NaN`.
> If the array has an odd number of elements, it returns the middle element.
> If the array has an even number of elements, it returns the average of the two middle elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The median is the middle value of a sorted array. 
If the array has an odd number of elements, 
the median is the middle value. If the array has an even number of elements, 
it returns the average of the two middle values.

If the array is empty, this function returns `NaN`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe we might make the explanation a little more specific?
